Hello everyone, today I will show you mine
new products from polymer clay
first i would like to thank everyone
who supported and voted for my
competitive work elf bracelet
I prepared this bracelet specially
for the June contest the summer world
crashed with emerald on the canal it is orion
under this video I added a link to already
the last contest anyone interested
now want to actually go to
the bracelet itself is naturally a bracelet
made of polymer clay
all parts and elements are made by hand
they are volumetric these details
I did without using young
special molds for casting
inside on the back of this bracelet
I performed antiques using
special silicone stamps
I made the basis for the bracelet
manual because it was not at hand
wooden base for bracelet
next job pendant made in
hi-tech style in the technique I can magicians
i made gold with powder
pearl ex
next product pendant sunflower
flower petals are made by hand without
using special tools and
of materials
tinted brown on the petals
i made using artistic
the bed is not which can be purchased in
art shop or same
office supply store
instead of artistic pastels and can
use rouge or very soft
pencil
Further
waffle keychain
The texture of the Islands is not I performed using
homemade they say yes this mold can
made entirely of polymer clay
he bends a little bit so mold can
make of unnecessary polymer residues
clay
the following ice cream earrings as well as
In the previous of the shadows and I performed cakes
using the same molto
collection of tips of earrings that I tell you
showed in the previous video and
connects this cute tip pendent
which in my opinion is perfect
for everyday wear like summer so
and in winter
and the next job I would like
show this key chain heart
I made this keychain for a master class
she or he and again this job
completely fulfilled
without using special
cake cakes tools
cut by pattern
all volumetric details were fashioned by hand and
For greater beauty, I have varnished berries
and cream
and on this i finish this video review
I wish you inspiration of creative success
and new ideas for everyone yet